In week 5, I had attended our first client meeting, after a deep discussion with the clients, I noted down the current workflow that the EA of Melbourne Connect is currently utilising, as well as part of the EA’s wish list, such as relational database interface for quick reference the speaker/guests and their relevant conference/events, or the ability to forward invitation to multiple speaker/guest through our application. With gathered information, I helped to update our client meeting with the information that I had gathered. 

During our team meeting after the client meeting, we have consolidated the Most of the MoSCoW based on our understanding of the clients’ goals. I also brough up the problems with Confluence and Jira, as we have 11 members including the supervisor currently which shifted our free plan on Confluence to the standard plan that required a monthly fee, after discussion, we settled on two possible solutions. One is to create a duplication of team Confluence such the member in the duplicated Confluence will only have part of the team and the supervisor. Or we move entirely to GitHub Wiki.
Another issue that I brough up in the team meeting is, after the client meeting, “Attendee”, the assumed Persona prior to our client meeting is no longer needed. Thus, the task of creation of “Attendee” persona that previously assign to me is no longer Valid. Therefore, I do not have any ongoing task.

However, the subscription problem we had on Confluence and Jira is resolved on the Friday 1AM as the Notion team finally reply with good news of granting our Notion Workspace a plus plan status, which allows us to place unlimited entries and expand guest limitation to 100 people. 

Since the upgrade is granted, I found myself the task to move the pages created in Confluence to Notion pages as the main control in our management platform, which I had moved about 80% of the pages from Confluence to Notion. Except for the User Story, Epics, Sprint, and Acceptance Criteria that are currently modifying by team members. 

Next week, including the Esther break, I will focus on the move of the remaining pages between management platforms, and request the Scrum Master to assign me other tasks.  
